[rain pouring]
[tense music playing]
[Shimura] Goodbye. Asamiya.
Hey! Stop!
Tatsuya!
-[thunder crashing]
-[Shimura splashes]
[Toru whimpering]
-[rain pouring on live stream]
-[boy] What. what do you want?
-[blows thudding]
-[boy] Hey! [groans]
Like a savior. a hero appeared
out of nowhere.
-[boy yelping. groaning]
-[Shimura] And saved me.
[boys yelping. groaning]
Why are you here?
[boys groaning] Ah!
[music intensifies]
[boy groaning. coughing]
[music stops]
Let's go.
[boys coughing. grunting]
[Shimura] And this hero
was insanely strong… and cool.
[laughs softly]
[whimpering]
Asamiya. you okay?
Yeah. I'm just fine.
[Shimura] But truthfully…
I couldn't help myself.
I couldn't help but resent this hero.
[thunder rumbling]
Let's go.
[gentle music playing]
But shortly afterwards.
a feeling of loathing overcame me.
for feeling this way.
Oh. Shimura.
[sobbing]
[Shimura] The nightmare
finally came to an end.
[thunder rumbling]
And so did…
my life.
VIRAL HIT
WHAT'S THIS?
IS HE BACK FOR REAL?!
LONG OVERDUE!
[Hamaken] Sorry to keep you waiting.
Hamaken TV is relaunching itself.
From now on. there will be
no more here's Mr Nice Guy. you see?
Hey! You better get yourself ready for it.
SCUMBAG ACTIVATED LOL
LOVE THIS VERSION
I even brought a guest for you today.
We've had him made up nicely.
It wasn't easy!
Yeah! That's why I said
that I would do it.
POOR GUY LOL
Hey.
Is it true that you're
the editor for Viral Hit? Yeah?
[giggles]
What? You didn't have
any friends in real life.
so you turned to the Internet?
What a loser! [giggles]
-Are you listening?
-[pensive music playing]
[girl 1] She asked if you could hear us.
[girl 2] Wait. She's serious?
[girl 3] What's with her?
She's got problems.
[girl 1 scoffs] Freak.
Rest in peace. Shimura.
-Oh. come back!
-[boy 1] We'll miss you!
[boys laughing]
Edit these for me.
I want them done by lunch.
Uh. hang on though--
[loud slam]
[groans]
You'll do it. won't you?
[splutters] Of course.
Just leave it to me.
I'll get on it now. Yes.
[pensive music continues]
VIRAL HIT'S GONE FOR GOOD
SHIMURA. YOU STILL ALIVE? LOL
THIS CHANNEL IS DEAD LOLOL
They're all idiots.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I'M WORRIED.
PLEASE REPLY
[indistinct chatter]
Shimura flaked on us.
Asamiya. you know why?
Ah. it's. uh. possible
he's not feeling well.
Oh. I know why he's away.
-Wait. what?
-Look what I found yesterday.
-[man 1] Wait. is that Shimura?
-[laughter on video]
Man. that's brutal.
[man 2 laughing]
Asamiya. don't tell me
that's your voice in the video.
Oh. definitely not.
[man 2] I think it is.
I'd rather be dead than be seen like that.
[man 1] I'd be so embarrassed.
I'd never leave home.
[laughs] Naked on the ground is
the ultimate humiliation.
-[man 1] Yeah. tell me about it.
-[man 2 laughing]
I think the two of you are very cruel.
[man 2] What?
No. just forget it.
Yeah.
I don't think he came to school.
Oh dear.
I'm worried about his injuries.
[Ogi] He's probably fine.
What worries me
is that he lost his dignity.
That's one thing we can't help him with.
-[pop music playing over speakers]
-Huh? Oh. you bought the mascara?
I recommend it.
I want everyone to try it out.
HOW'S SHIMURA?
IS VIRAL HIT OVER?
HE WAS TOO COCKY
Viral Hit?
Shimura?
IS SHIMURA COMING TO SCHOOL??
DO A COLLAB PLZ LOL
Oh. you guys!
All of this "Shimura. Shimura."
it's annoying.
Forget about him. It's all over.
[birds twittering]
[doorbell buzzing]
Nice to meet you… I guess.
[Kaho] I see.
It's good you're worried about him too.
[Aki] I feel like I'm partially to blame.
[Kaho] Maybe we both are.
[Aki] What do you mean?
All you did was go on a date with him.
[Kaho] What?
[Kaho] I… I mean. it wasn't really a date.
If he runs away now… then he'll
spend the rest of his life running.
-And that worries me.
-Why's that?
I think that… his life. it has a value.
Were you… a part of his team?
Yes. sort of. I guess.
I see.
I wish… I knew where he was. that's all.
Sorry to take up your time.
[sighs] Mm. It's good we talked.
Take care.
I guess we're all alike.
Hamaken TV!
INSTANT MENACE LOL
Today. I'll have Kanegon who knows
Shimura pretty well now. I think.
Tell us the true story about Viral Hit.
Huh?
[boys laugh]
[grunts]
-[boy 1] Ready?
-[boy 2] Okay. we're set.
You be completely honest now.
What was Shimura like?
Uh… He. uh…
-Shi… Shimura was--
-Shimura was what? Tell us. Come on.
Shi… Shimura was…
Let's take over the world
with this channel.
You did it. Shimura!
[Shimura] Thank you!
You helped me get my senses!
Today we become known as Viral Hit!
[breathing heavily]]
R… really.
He was a hideous guy.
[straining] Oh! Oh! Was he now?
-He was all about--
-Yeah? What?
All he cared about was going viral
and getting donations.
Ah. yes! And that's why he lied
and accused me of being a fraud!
Uh-huh.
And he staged
all those fight videos. didn't he?
Yeah. he did. That guy will do
anything for money.
But wait.
You're friends with him. aren't you?
What are you talking about?
Why would I want to be
friends with that loser?
I don't ever… wanna see him again.
You heard it. You guys get it now?
The next video is going to be
where Shimura apologizes
for tricking you
into thinking he's a hero.
You'll love it!
Okay!
-This is seriously blowing up.
-[Hamaken] This is great content.
HAMAKEN'S GETTING REVENGE
Seems I'm a better producer than you. huh?
Yeah. you definitely are.
-Where is Shimura now?
-[whimpering]
[Toru] Ow! You're hurting me!
How long is he going to be
skipping school for?
-I don't know--
-Tell me the truth! I wanna know.
You bring him to me.
I told you! I don't have
anything to do with him anymore!
You're lying. aren't you? Aren't you?!
Who would ever believe
what you're saying. hey? Hey?
Do you have any idea
what you've done to me?
You go get him and drag his ass back here.
You understand?
[Toru] Okay. I will.
I promise. I will.
I'll do it. I'll do it.
[Toru straining]
[gags. shudders]
[Aki] Hey!
[indistinct chatter]
How's he holding up?
-Whoa!
-How the hell should I know?
Why does everyone keep asking me that?
This is all his fault.
He brought it on.
-He needs to come back to school--
-Where are you going?
The hospital! I need to find where he is.
The hospital?
It's where she is.
His mother.
[footsteps departing]
[nurse] Is that for your son?
Mm-hmm.
If I wasn't so sick.
I'd be able to do this so quickly.
Ah. don't push
yourself too hard. Mrs. Shimura.
Oh! Are you visiting someone?
Uh. yeah. Yeah. that's right.
Hello.
Uh. do… do you happen to know
where Shimura is?
I can't find him anywhere.
You need him?
Oh. So sorry you came all this way.
He hasn't visited me in a few days.
Apparently. he's busy.
Oh. I see. I understand.
Are you…
Kaneko?
Uh…
-Yes.
-Oh. that's great!
He told me about you
with a big smile on his face.
He said you were
his first friend in class.
Thanks to you.
he actually enjoys going to school.
-I'm like this. you know. [chuckles]
-[tender music playing]
I put a lot of burden on him.
I was worried
he wasn't having fun at school.
Thank you for being there for him.
His first friend.
Yeah.
[cries softly]
[firmly] Excuse me.
[music fades]
Go on! Jump then!
It'll hurt
a lot more than the punches you took.
Leave me alone.
My life…
it's all over now.
You saw how I embarrassed myself.
There's no point continuing on.
I'm better off
being dead.
[dreamy music playing]
[gasps]
Huh?
Uh…
They're all waiting for you. you know.
Viral Hit subscriber numbers
are increasing. even now.
[poignant music playing]
Who cares?!
The next video will draw
a huge viewership.
-I don't care about that!
-This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!
That's enough! Leave me alone now!
Okay. [sniffs]
Forget it.
I've been here a few times myself.
Go kill yourself somewhere else
if you want to die.
[panting. grunting]
Hey. Tatsuya.
Huh?
Someone's here.
[panting]
[Ogi] It's been a month since it happened.
He hasn't shown up to work
in all that time.
And he hasn't… answered any calls.
Maybe he's just disappeared. forever?
-You've failed!
-[groaning]
-Huh?
How are you going to fix this. huh?
FAILED THE MISSION LOL
[gasping] It's true.
He's not at home or anywhere.
-None of your sorry excuses!
-[groaning]
My viewers. they're getting impatient.
I know. What if you sent him a video?
Show him what Kaneko's going through.
-Great idea. Here. film this.
-[boy 1 laughs] Yeah. nice.
[boy 2 laughs]
Okay. get up! You tell him.
You tell Shimura to get his ass over here.
Come on. say it. You want more. huh?
You want more of this. do you?
Huh? Go on. now.
As soon as he arrives. you're free to go.
Say it. Tell him to come here. now!
[crying]
Sh… Shi… Shimura.
He said you were
his first friend in class.
Can you…
[no audio]
[crying]
Don't…
come to the school. he'll kill you!
[Hamaken] You asked for it.  Bastard!
You think you're smart. do you?
Huh? Hey? Hey?
[grunting]
You must have a death wish.
-[blows thudding]
-[roars]
-[object rumbles]
-[Hamaken] Yeah?
Come on!
[Rumi] Hamaken!
What?!
[Toru coughs. whimpers]
-[Toru coughing]
-[snare drum playing The Long March]
Finally. he's here.
[tense music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[music swells]
[Toru groans]
Kanegon.
Roll the camera.
[grunts]
[music builds]
And another thing.
Remember you're not alone.
[phone buzzing]
[Shimura] Are you rolling.
Kanegon?
[exhales]
[Toru grunts]
The title of this next video
is "How To Defeat a Thug."
HE'S BAAACK!
Guess you don't
have to worry anymore.  Look.
THE UNDERDOG STRIKES BACK!
I NEED YOU TO WIN THIS ONE
You've kept me waiting.
I didn't come here for you.
Oh. I see. You need money that bad. hey?
Huh?
You filthy asshole.
[suspenseful music playing]
HOW TO BEAT A THUG IN A FIGHT
[TOU-KEI] You want to beat up a thug
who's been tormenting you?
If you're serious about taking them on.
then I'll teach you.
I hope you can keep up.
Fighting secrets. Rule One:
A body of steel.
It's impossible for an amateur fighter
to dodge every attack.
Instead. your focus should be
on building a strong body
that can withstand blows.
[Shimura grunting]
[TOU-KEI] After you've built
your outer muscle.
work on the deeper muscle.
Strengthen your core
so that you can counterattack.
After bodybuilding exercises.
eat high-quality protein.
While muscle is important in a fight.
your weight can't be neglected either.
Eat plenty of food
so that you can bulk up.
[Shimura panting]
Fighting Secrets. Rule Two: Stamina.
All that training is useless
if you don't have stamina.
Strive to improve
cardio respiratory fitness
and muscular endurance.
And. just so you know.
you can't expect
any dramatic changes in your body
from just a few weeks of training.
Huh?
But… if you master this one technique.
you might just have a shot at winning.
Fighting Secrets. Rule Number Three!
This is the finishing move.
[music fades]
Come on
Okay.
[Hamaken] You're fucking dead!
[tense rock music playing]
[both grunting]
[yells] Mm-uh!
[students gasp. scream]
[Hamaken snarling]
[Hamaken yelling. grunting]
-[yells] Ah! You little bastard!
-Oh!
[Hamaken yells] Ah! Ah!
[students gasping]
[students screaming]
[grunting]
Ugh!
[straining]
[grunts] You think you can mess with me?!
-[students scream]
-[Hamaken] Weakling!
[both grunting]
[Hamaken] Shithead!
[roars]
[grunting]
[Hamaken exhales sharply] Ah!
[music continues]
What's wrong?
Is that all you got?
Come on. fight.
[straining]
-[hopeful music playing]
-[panting]
-[exhaling]
-[music fades]
[breathing deeply]
[tense electronic music playing]
[TOU-KEI] Are you ready to counterattack?
A certain martial arts champion once said.
if he had to choose just one technique
to use against a powerful opponent.
this would be it.
-[exhales]
-[Hamaken] You piece of trash.
You've got it coming!
[TOU-KEI] Turn your body
towards your kicking leg.
The moment your opponent shifts
their weight onto the stepping foot.
rotate your entire body
and swing your leg all the way!
[loud cracking]
[groans]
[Shimura] Did… did I get him?
[dramatic music playing]
[panting]
[grunting]
[TOU KEI] Your efforts
will never let you down.
[Shimura grunts]
[TOU-KEI] For now. focus
on mastering this single technique.
[grunts]
[music swells]
[yells] Ah!
-[Hamaken groans]
-[students gasp]
Shimura!
[music fades]
Huh? Was that a low kick. was it?
A nice try.
You aim for the thigh.
You've got no idea how to fight!
-[students murmur]
-[exhales]
That didn't hurt at all.
And now I… [groans]
THX FOR THE INPUT
[Hamaken groaning]
[dramatic rock music playing]
[gasping]
A low kick aims for the thigh.
which is padded with muscle.
He went for the calf.
which isn't nearly as protected.
A calf kick.
-[Hamaken] Now you die!
-[grunts]
-[Hamaken] Get off!
-[loud crack]
-[groans]
-[Shimura grunting]
-[yells]
[both straining]
[loud crack]
Yes! Yes! Go Shimura!
[bellows] Ah!
I'm gonna kill you!
HE LANDED ANOTHER KICK!
SHIMURA'S DOING GREAT
HE CAN WIN?!
You bastard.
You little shit.
[yelling] Ah! Ah!
[groaning]
[industrial music playing]
So that's… that only move you know.
I WAS THINKING THE SAME THING
HAMAKEN'S GOT A POINT
SHIMURA'S DONE FOR
It won't work again!
-[dull thud]
-[students scream]
[Hamaken grunting]
[Shimura shouts] Ah!
[grunting]
[both straining]
Shimura!
HE MIGHT REALLY DIE
IT'S OKAY TO SURRENDER
[Shimura groaning]
[growling]
-[grunts] Ugh!
-[students scream]
-[music fades]
-[panting]
[gasping]
You really are one hopeless loser.
[sniffles]
[shudders]
[Shimura] When was it
that I became such a loser?
[poignant electric guitar music playing]
Since I was born?
No. Of course. that's not true.
Shimura. did you watch…
[Shimura] I used to be
a perfectly ordinary student.
Isn't it?
-[Hamaken] You.
-Ah!
[sighs]
[groans]
Shut up. twerp.
Ah! [gasps]
[Shimura] Until Hamaken showed up
in my life.
-What? What? What? Huh?
-Stop it! That hurts!
[Hamaken] Uh! Uh! Uh!
[Shimura] I could never understand
why he always beat me up.
Stop! [crying out]
-[Hamaken] It hurts. does it?
-Ow! That hurts!
[Shimura] There was nothing
to understand really.
He never had a reason.
[all laughing]
[Shimura] After that.
I started hating school.
I became afraid
of making eye contact with people.
[tense rock music playingj]
My body was always hunched over.
so I looked like a weakling.
But… I…
[gasping]
[TOI-KEI] I'm proud of you
for getting back on your feet.
[gasping]
[Shimura gasping on live stream]
[Hamaken] You still wanna go. huh?
Yeah. sure. I'll take you.
[TOU-KEI] Now. believe in yourself.
[gasping]
[suspenseful music playing]
You're so annoying. you piece of trash!
I…
-[loud cracking]
-[Hamaken groans]
[gentle classical music playing]
-[TOU-KEI] Now's your chance.
-[Shimura gasps]
I'm not a loser!
But you're a loser for sure!
[TOU-KEI] Overhand hook!
[loud crack]
[gags. groans]
[hitched breathing]
[students murmuring]
[Shimura gasping]
I'M ACTUALLY TEARING UP
THIS DESERVES A MOVIE
WE'RE ALL CRYING
Far out.
[Shimura crying]
[sobbing]
[sniffing]
[voice breaking] You did real good.
So don't cry anymore.
[crying]
Shimura.
LEGENDARY
SHIMURA'S THE MAN
That was a beautiful win.
[gentle classical music continues]
[laughs]
[sniffles]
[sighs]
Shimura.
I want to thank you.
So. thank you.
What does it say?
Huh?
Double?
We've already hit 700.000.
It's only a matter of time
before we hit one million!
-[Shimura] What about the donations?
-Hey.
-Let's see. It's past a million yen!
-[joyful music playing]
Uh. then it's… then our share.
it's more than 600.000 yen!
I thought you did it to save me.
Why would I?
This was all about money. No more.
You bastard. I got all emotional.
-I thought you came for me!
-Oh.
But aren't you the one who said
that I'd do anything for money?
You were watching?
Sure did. I'm a hideous guy.
No wonder you don't have friends!
You're mean. ya know?
Say what you want.
It can hardly hurt
coming from a guy like you.
-What do you mean by that?
-Ah!
You want to fight?
I'll take you on.
[Toru grunts]
-[Shimura] Don't copy me.
-[Toru] Shut up!
[Toru straining. grunting]
[both grunting. laughing]
[Shimura] Whoa!
Ah! [laughs]
[grunting. laughing]
[music fades]
[Toru screams]
[Shimura] Ah!
[indistinct chatter]
-[boy 1] I hope he comes today.
-[boy 2] Seriously. yesterday--
-[boy 3] Hey. Shimura!
-Oh. Shimura!
Oh. it's Shimura! [laughs]
[boy 1] You were incredible.
[Shimura] Hamaken hasn't come to school
since that day.
[boy 3] It's all thanks to you!
[Shimura] I know what he's afraid of
isn't silly old me.
[boy 2] Me too!
[Shimura] It's the reality
that he's hit rock bottom.
So crazy!
[boy 1] I'm really sorry
I never tried to intervene.
There's nothing… you could have done.
-[all chuckle. gasp]
-You're such a saint!
[Shimura] I imagine
Hamaken's suffering and…
Oh. it serves him right! He deserves it!
[Toru] Okay! Hi! Hi!
Do you all get what we can do now? Do you?
Hey? It's all because of me.
the producer and creator
of this great channel--
Shimura. want to go to karaoke sometime?
[Shimura] Huh? Oh. uh…
-Mm. yeah. sure. if I'm free.
-[boys chuckle]
-[boy 2] Yay!
-[boy 1] That's so good.
[boy 3] We're gonna have
the best time with Shimura!
[boys laughing. chattering]
[music ends]
-[girl 1 laughs] What? So lame!
-[girl 2] Isn't she cringe?
[girl 3] Is she for real?
[girl 4 laughs] They're dissing her.
saying she's Hamaken's girl.
-Not even good.
-[girl 5] Seriously.
[loud slam]
-Let's go to the bathroom.
-[Girl 4] Let's go.
[girl 5 laughs]
[phone buzzing]
[indistinct chattering]
NEW MESSAGE
INVITATION TO PARTNER
AS AN OFFICIAL INFLUENCER
[students laugh]
What are you doing?
Oh. Aki.
Where's Shimura?
How would I know?
What's wrong?
So he's amazing. I get it.
I really do.
-Oh. you're jealous.
-I wouldn't call it jealousy.
-Jealous men don't get the girls.
-I just said I'm not jealous!
You know your job now…
is to find his next opponent.
I have high hopes for you.
Huh?
High hopes?
You do?
CEO
As I mentioned in my DM.
we will be honored to have you join
our influencer agency. Rumi.
We are part of BAD FELLOWS Group.
We can get you gigs and anything
you can think of. like reality shows.
Once you get more exposure
and become more well-known--
Will you
help me get more followers?
[light piano music playing]
-I want more followers.
-[chuckles]
Of course. If you let me handle it.
Are you free after this?
['50s rock music playing]
[Shimura] I caused you so much trouble.
I'm terribly sorry.
[clears throat]
-[bell jangles]
-I'm terribly sorry--
-[both yell]
-[clattering]
-[Shimura] Ah. sorry about that.
-[Kaho] So sorry.
I'm sorry. I didn't see you coming.
Oh no. that was completely my fault.
[Kaho exhales]
Here. Use this.
Oh. thank you.
It's been a while.
-[gentle electronic music playing]
-Mm. Yes. it has.
[Kaho laughs]
I'm very sorry… for putting you
through so much worry.
I knew that you were trying to contact me.
but after you saw me like that. I…
Thank you.
Uh…
You were trying
to protect me again. weren't you?
It's all right.
You've already saved me enough.
I don't think so.
So it's my turn. now.
I can save you!
[both laugh]
That's silly.
Uh. well…
Would you like to go
to a café with me again?
Next time. it's on me.
Would I? Yes!
-Oh. yay!
-[giggles]
Then it's a date.
Mm. a date.
-See you.
-Mm. Yeah. Bye for now.
[music fades]
[gasps] Oh!
Oh.
Welcome home. Asamiya.
Yes. thank you.
[ominous music playing]
Anything to report?
I just spent a little time with Tatsuya.
And. why?
-We talked about the entrance exam--
-Exactly how long were you with him?
Two hours.
He's a fighter. is he not?
Will someone like that be
beneficial to your future. Asamiya?
Don't waste your time like this.
You must focus on your studies.
Hmm.
Thank you for the meal--
You haven't been seeing
anyone else. have you?
[ominous music builds]
No. I haven't.
[moaning]
[Eiji] Rumi.
[moans]
You're great.
[moaning continues]
Whoa! 560.000!
[Toru] Can you believe it?
Our channel's blowing up!
This is all thanks to my producing skills.
Look at this.
[Aki] That's BAD FELLOWS.
-Who are they?
-You don't know?
It's a super popular show that pits
amateur fighters against each other.
The CEO hit the jackpot with this.
Now. he's expanding
into the entertainment industry.
[Shimura] Mmm.
Read the comments.
IT LOOKS STAGED
I PREFER VIRAL HIT
VIRAL HIT IS LEGIT
Viral Hit's channel…
it's competing with them.
This affects us how?
My point is. what we offer is
the real deal. It's legit.
VIRAL HIT IS LEGIT
Of course. And?
I have the next opponent lined up for you.
You see how I'm a genius producer?
[jaunty music playing]
[all grunting]
Let's go.
What do you mean? Wait. why?
This is crazy.
What about the weight difference?
Yeah. sure… but it'll be a great visual.
I've got an idea.
Why don't you fight them?
See how safe you feel.
Huh?
-[loud slam]
-[men grunting]
[jaunty music continues]
All right. get ready!
Begin!
-I give up!
-[music stops]
[jaunty music resumes]
So did you get a taste
of how it feels to fight? [chuckles]
Assessing safety is an important part
of your work as a producer.
Sure. but this
would have been spectacular.
Next time book me a fighter on my level.
You're both ganging up on me now.
All right. then.
Why don't you two do it yourself?
Well. that's an idea.
We might just do that.
Let's go.
[Shimura] Mm.
[music ends]
They hate me.
We need to develop a strategy
so we can figure out your next opponent.
Be nice to do content other than fights.
Mm.
Oh. why don't you come to my place…
and we can brainstorm a bit.
Oh. uh. my dad wouldn't…
like that much… since you live alone.
You're right. yeah.
I guess we'll need
to call off the meeting.
Uh. no.
We still need to discuss things.
[pop music playing]
FOLLOWERS 71.000
♪ Uh-huh. uh-huh ♪
[music subsides]
Look. I already have
over 70.000 followers!
RUMI
BEAUTY-LOVING HIGH SCHOOL GIRL (17)
Rumi. you can aim much higher.
Can I get to 600.000?
I want to shoot for more.
Ha. Don't worry. I have a plan.
-[Rumi] Mm.
-Come here.
Rumi. you do know
I'll do anything for you.
[chuckles]
You know that.
Mm-hmm.
-[game music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
[game character] Don't listen to them!
Kanegon.
What do you want?
What are you doing by yourself?
You can't tell?
What is it?  Are you guys fighting?
Go away.
[Rumi laughs] They're cruel to you.
I actually appreciate how amazing you are.
BARBER YASHIO
[Aki humming]
[dad humming]
[Aki] You're in a very good mood today.
Yeah.
This is the first time
you've ever brought a friend here. hey?
He's more like a… comrade.
A comrade. So you made a friend.
That's the main thing.
[Aki laughs]
Hello?
-Hi. come on in.
-You're late.
-[Shimura] Sorry. I got lost.
-Mm?
Let's get to it.
Oh. yeah.
I'm Shimura. sir.
We go to the same school.
Oh. that's nice.
Yes. so sorry to intrude.
[footsteps departing]
A boy?
[dance music playing]
[girls] Cheers! Cheers! Cheers!
No way!
You're the one producing Viral Hit!
It's nothing. really.
Yes. I see all your videos
on Instagram too.
Your channel's the talk of the town.
-Oh. really?
-Mm-hmm!
Well. people just don't get it.
The producer's role is the most important.
Well. of course it is.
It's the behind-the-scenes
that really counts.
-Mature of you!
-[girl 1] Totally!
-Totally.
Oh. you think so?
If it were me. I'd complain for sure.
I'd say Viral Hit only got
this far because of me.
Well. okay.
I'm happy enough
as long as you're all happy! [chuckles]
[all laughing]
Ah. well. today's on me. so drink up!
-Really?
-You sure?
Well then. I won't hold back! Here.
[all] Kanpai!
[girl 1] Woo-hoo-hoo!
[girls whooping. shouting]
[girl 2] This is the life!
[music stops]
This is bad.
We didn't get a single donation.
Not a single yen?
This is the next opponent I'll fight!
VIRAL HIT LIVE NOW
[Aki] Looks like the viewers
didn't want that from you.
FIGHT ALREADY
-How much have we made so far?
-735.300.
That's not enough.
TOTAL AMOUNT DUE: 3.140.000 YEN
So it has to be a fight.
-[dance music playing
-Hey. Kaneko.
Show us how you edit.
-You really wanna know?
-Oh. yes!
-Yes!
-Yes. please.
Come on! Show them.
-[girl 2] Yes.
-Really?
Okay. [laughs]
[girl 3] Oh. this is so great!
-[music ends]
-Well. I should get going now.
Oh. it's that late already.
By the way...
That video. I…
You what?
I. uh... Oh. never mind.
[Aki] Oh. I wanted
to ask you something too.
Who…
is it that's teaching you to fight?
[phone buzzing]
HOW TO BEAT A THUG IN A FIGHT
[tense music playing]
Well. I've…
taught myself. [chuckles]
Taught yourself…
See you. then.
[Shimura] Aki's not the one. then.
[music ends]
Hmm.
PASSWORD INCORRECT
-[dance music playing]
-[all whooping]
-Hey! I'm sorry!
-[phone ringing]
More! More!
Sorry! This is me!
-Aw!
-Don't sit down!
Aki. what's up?
Have you been missing me. have you?
Did you alter the password to our channel?
Password? No. why would I do that?
[girl 2] Here. Kanegon. Your drink.
-[Toru] Hang on. Just…
-[girl 3] Come on!
[ominous music playing]
[phone ringing]
Moshi moshi.
It's an emergency. Come back right now.
What emergency?
The Viral Hit account status…
the account's been suspended.
Huh? But we were using it
just a minute ago.
Someone must have hacked it.
Oh my God.
DEPOSIT: 735.300 YEN
That means…
Yes. That means
you're not getting any money.
-[Shimura yells] Ah!
-[Aki] Hey.
What's wrong?
What's going on there?
Shimura?
[groaning]
[gasping]
[whimpering]
[music fades]
[boy 1] This is a warning.
[Aki] Shimura?
Is something wrong?
Are you there. Shimura?!
Can you hear me. Shimura?!
Come on! Please answer me!
[Japanese rock music playing]
VIRAL HIT
[Japanese rock music continues]
[music ends]